Not fit
despite that the advanced legislation of the commune
antonio maría marín lara
that he loves and elite deserves said to the chain I echo the exercise
because otherwise
they are not going to get this liquid dividend going
as soon as it rains the water where we had put you remember jihad felt disgust
just about dollar water
one and a half times the amount of rice in volume that is a rate almost rubs
water mean
The aguada room for something that has been entrusted with long grain rice is the
Cheaper rice from the bridge having voided following the treatment without
nothing better richer
we mix
we place here
there were some place
now you have to have credibility of the film
the national team
all that to say how the other signings on butter paper
drinking listen to me
as Carlos says once he is living again that does not touch him anymore
what we are going to do is
ten minutes you're not going to cook at a medium heat this dividend
abundantly not in tremendous spurts but having
at 10 minutes you're going to put the fire to myself if you have a diffuser a
Tyrolean diffuser the plan metallic girls put it down to the bowl
to continue cooking very slowly when you go by bike
vossloh base passes through the diffuser below
and you're going to grab a fork and you're going to be this last move the beans
of rice
overflow to the center is enough to cover as reasons all the rice this is for
if we got them down they went up and saw that it was nothing
Ridao has specified that his death
and that is a problem
end the war axa has ignored obvious
the rice in 12
total cooking time 20 minutes approximately 25 minutes those of
zapopan where will attend efe
we had a bad time
however now he added the first beat very well
think a little oil we can put 'sativex' at the top
In the home
It seems
I've been united but skull note comes off and it's a crisis is the taste of
the center
It is simple but political that is going to be combined
with our sauce
for sauce at the last moment satins the sauce ready our chili cream
ideas
with nine months
tank for tenth with bullying target
they are many at home
for racing that people say things but we have to share world everything that
have and then take advantage of the whole couple dance
Grind
we carry now
start presenting it
how is it presented up to toledo
you like
more liquidará salsa
tmg broth to add after sheen passed to me
there it seems to me that eta
fair
Awesome
our function
let's go to his
Chinese as love
sader
if not
Chiquito pinochet and chábeli Peruvian cuisine
ACS has agreed optimal to Lima
he got really drunk
I know a tax
in your image but strict control order
has a drunk uncle we have decided to color the knife that surrounds him
because the man had to take the class with the first round yesterday to the
tomorrow but there was an auditorium will be declared
and the man never gave himself while I had to assume that when he ordered
the liberation fbl a bathtub with customs milk bolivia
street zone low in general
I follow the beginning of this recognition
we are going to present
precisely which three are domesticated putting the recipe then
like he does not even have the recipe january when they prescribe hotel doing the
amount of 6 reached to touch the cream please today in the kitchen of 9
less here the cinema lives
received his six-year term
after what 1 active badajoz 5 teeth shalit and oregano amount needed
milk powder 250 grams
walnuts
50 grams
lactal bread sliced ​​corn oil 50 cubic centimeters according to shah
for Peruvian rice
500 grams
ap with two birdies water 750 cubic centimeters
so 30 grams
and save and he
necessary amount
rice
when you eat the goals
clear without any problem a tool of
the middle
2010 broccoli sprouts
This dish prepared and color dixon eat
friends
who have enjoyed this morning
we see it as the seat of the next cup citizens
9 chávez